README.md, before:

# frogkit

Smartfrog UI Components Library

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40smartfrog%2Ffrogkit.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40smartfrog%2Ffrogkit)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/smartfrog-oss/frogkit.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.org/smartfrog-oss/frogkit#)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/smartfrog-oss/frogkit)

![https://github.com/smartfrog-oss/frogkit](logo.png)



## Installation

using yarn

```bash
yarn add @smartfrog/frogkit
```

using npm

```bash
npm i -S @smartfrog/frogkit
```

## Usage
component are availabale under `src/component` folder


### use a global component 
```js
import button from '@smartfrog/frogkit/src/components/button'

Vue.component(button.name, button)
```

### use a component when it's needed
```js
import button from '@smartfrog/frogkit/src/components/button'

export default {
    name: 'Example',
    components: { button },
  }
```

## icons

1. place SVG files inside `src/assets/icons`
> NOTE: make sure that the SVG file contain viewBox attribute

2. run `yarn icon`
the script will optimise the SVG and generate an icon component for it

## social icons

1. place a social icon SVG file inside `src/assets/social/base`

2. run `yarn social-icon`
the script will update the social icons sprite (image and css) adding the new one

## Contribution

1. Fork the repo

2. install dependencies

```bash
yarn
```

3. Start the storybook

```bash
yarn storybook
```

4. Build component

5. Add Story for it

6. Cover it with test

7. Make sure that the test is passing

```bash
yarn test
```

8. Open a PR!

**Happy Coding!**

Commit message:

docs: add docs about semantic release

README.md, after:

# frogkit

Smartfrog UI Components Library

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40smartfrog%2Ffrogkit.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40smartfrog%2Ffrogkit)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/smartfrog-oss/frogkit.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.org/smartfrog-oss/frogkit#)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/smartfrog-oss/frogkit)

![https://github.com/smartfrog-oss/frogkit](logo.png)



## Installation

using yarn

```bash
yarn add @smartfrog/frogkit
```

using npm

```bash
npm i -S @smartfrog/frogkit
```

## Usage
component are availabale under `src/component` folder


### use a global component 
```js
import button from '@smartfrog/frogkit/src/components/button'

Vue.component(button.name, button)
```

### use a component when it's needed
```js
import button from '@smartfrog/frogkit/src/components/button'

export default {
    name: 'Example',
    components: { button },
  }
```

## icons

1. place SVG files inside `src/assets/icons`
> NOTE: make sure that the SVG file contain viewBox attribute

2. run `yarn icon`
the script will optimise the SVG and generate an icon component for it

## social icons

1. place a social icon SVG file inside `src/assets/social/base`

2. run `yarn social-icon`
the script will update the social icons sprite (image and css) adding the new one

## Contribution

1. Fork the repo

2. install dependencies

```bash
yarn
```

3. Start the storybook

```bash
yarn storybook
```

4. Build component

5. Add Story for it

6. Cover it with test

7. Make sure that the test is passing

```bash
yarn test
```

8. Open a PR!

## Semantic Realse
We use semantic release now to control the version and to publish to npm registry. <br>
According to the commit message we decide what the next version would be. <br>
Please check the following table:
| Commit message        | Update           |
| ----------------------|:----------------:|
| feat                  | **Major**        |
| fix                    | **Minor**        |
| docs                  | **Patch**        |
| style                 | **Patch**        |
| refactor              | **Minor**        |
| perf                  | **Patch**        |
| test                  | **Patch**        |
| build                 | **Patch**        |
| ci                    | **Patch**        |
| chore                 | **Patch**        |
| revert                | **Minor**        |



**Happy Coding!**
